= resource_stylesheets

http://www.github.com/mpowered/resource_stylesheets

== DESCRIPTION:

Optionally load stylesheets for projects with crazy amounts of CSS files.

Call #resource_stylesheets in the <head> of your document. It will
include the stylesheet named after the current controller (resource)

You can specify extra stylesheets to be added to this resource's
views in the '/config/resource_stylesheets.yml' file.
Example:
   /config/resource_stylesheets.yml:
   products:
     - funky_side_bar
     - nifty_slider

All a resource's stylesheets are combined into a stylesheet called
'resource_stylesheets.css'
  

== INSTALL:

Use bundler. Its not on a public gem server. (see gembundler.com/git.html)

== DEVELOPERS:

* Gary Greyling

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2011 FIX

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
